you
onee junction the book that became a
sensation with its revealing story of
modern india now on the screen ava
gardner relives the affairs of Victoria
Jones Stewart Granger portrays the
romantic life of Colonel Savage
bill Travers becomes the jealous lover
Patrick Taylor to bring dramatic reality
to the book-of-the-month bestseller MGM
cent stars and technicians to Pakistan
to film the first American movie ever
made in that exciting corner of the
earth here in the setting of the
original story men have found strange
and unusual ways to fight one another
for power
onee Junction tells of the intensely
dramatic struggle for control of a
nation's destiny climaxing in the
suspense of a roaring gun bat
and here in the turbulence of two
conflicting worlds belongs the
half-caste girl Victoria Jones loved for
her beauty rejected for her color half
Indian
she is irresistible drawn to the
intriguing native raunchy half English
she is attracted to the arms of the
British Colonel Bonnie Junction is a
story of strong drama fierce struggle of
suspense of brutal attack even murder
the spectacular trainwreck is just one
of the many high spots is a powerful
story
strikingly filmed in Eastman color with
a cast of thousands with riots and mob
fury
Bonnie Junction comes to the screen as
timely as today's headlines rising above
its stormy background is the fascinating
love story of the Eurasian girl and the
British Colonel is that the silence of
criticism or content I'm trying to
remember the exact section of the army
act we've just broke my bother between
us we've broken a lot
you